README.md, before:

OpenMRS ID 
=========

User signup and self-service web application, built for [OpenMRS](http://openmrs.org), now running at [id.openmrs.org](http://id.openmrs.org). Integrates with an LDAP server to store user data. Built on [Node](https://github.com/joyent/node) and [Express](https://github.com/visionmedia/express).

##Installation:

See [`installing-openmrsid.md`](https://github.com/openmrs/openmrs-contrib-id/blob/master/installing-openmrsid.md)

##Features:

* Simple user self-service for an OpenLDAP user directory, including:
	* Signup - supporting email address verification, reCAPTCHA anti-spam forms, and welcome mail 
	* User profile changes - editing first/last name, email, password; adding multiple email addresses
	* Password resets - reset by username or email address, send to all emails linked to a user
* Modular system for adding on new functionality
	* Current modules include Google Groups-based mailing list subscription management, and an embeddable sitewide navigation bar to provide navigation between different community sites
* Form validation and control
* Designed with the visual style of [openmrs.org](http://openmrs.org) in mind :)
 
##Modules:

A few modules (providing additional functionality) have been created. They can be placed in `app/user-modules` and loaded from `conf.js`.

* [openmrs-contrib-globalnavbar](https://github.com/elliottwilliams/openmrs-contrib-globalnavbar)
* [openmrs-contrib-dashboard-groups](https://github.com/elliottwilliams/openmrs-contrib-dashboard-groups)

##Why We Built It:
OpenMRS's developer community was in need of unification between the tools hosted at openmrs.org and elsewhere. With contributors needing seaparate accounts to submit code, edit the wiki, and join mailing lists (for example), the amount of user fragmentation between tools kept growing. People new to the OpenMRS community tended to be a little confused, having to manually manage profiles across very visually-disconnected sites. Ultimately, we wanted one ID, everywhere.

With OpenMRS ID, we are able to provide access to a huge variety of software products with one sign-on, and have significantly simplified the steps to get new users involved in our community. We are able to provide a more integrated and simpler experience for our users, and have since established a more-connected community as a result.

##Server Requirements:

* Node.js version in the 0.8.x tree (id.openmrs.org runs Node v0.8.26)
* LDAP directory (tested with OpenLDAP), additionally supporting extensible objects and password policies
* MySQL database
* MongoDB database
* SMTP access

##License:
Licensed under the [OpenMRS Public License](http://license.openmrs.org) version 1.1

Commit message:

edit README to point to the development guide

README.md, after:

OpenMRS ID 
=========

User signup and self-service web application, built for [OpenMRS](http://openmrs.org), now running at [id.openmrs.org](http://id.openmrs.org). Integrates with an LDAP server to store user data. Built on [Node](https://github.com/joyent/node) and [Express](https://github.com/visionmedia/express).

##Development

Want to dig your hands in and lend a hand? Please read our [development guide](https://github.com/openmrs/openmrs-contrib-id/blob/master/development-guide.md). 

##Installation:

See [`installing-openmrsid.md`](https://github.com/openmrs/openmrs-contrib-id/blob/master/installing-openmrsid.md)

##Features:

* Simple user self-service for an OpenLDAP user directory, including:
	* Signup - supporting email address verification, reCAPTCHA anti-spam forms, and welcome mail 
	* User profile changes - editing first/last name, email, password; adding multiple email addresses
	* Password resets - reset by username or email address, send to all emails linked to a user
* Modular system for adding on new functionality
	* Current modules include Google Groups-based mailing list subscription management, and an embeddable sitewide navigation bar to provide navigation between different community sites
* Form validation and control
* Designed with the visual style of [openmrs.org](http://openmrs.org) in mind :)
 
##Modules:

A few modules (providing additional functionality) have been created. They can be placed in `app/user-modules` and loaded from `conf.js`.

* [openmrs-contrib-globalnavbar](https://github.com/elliottwilliams/openmrs-contrib-globalnavbar)
* [openmrs-contrib-dashboard-groups](https://github.com/elliottwilliams/openmrs-contrib-dashboard-groups)

##Why We Built It:
OpenMRS's developer community was in need of unification between the tools hosted at openmrs.org and elsewhere. With contributors needing seaparate accounts to submit code, edit the wiki, and join mailing lists (for example), the amount of user fragmentation between tools kept growing. People new to the OpenMRS community tended to be a little confused, having to manually manage profiles across very visually-disconnected sites. Ultimately, we wanted one ID, everywhere.

With OpenMRS ID, we are able to provide access to a huge variety of software products with one sign-on, and have significantly simplified the steps to get new users involved in our community. We are able to provide a more integrated and simpler experience for our users, and have since established a more-connected community as a result.

##Server Requirements:

* Node.js version in the 0.8.x tree (id.openmrs.org runs Node v0.8.26)
* LDAP directory (tested with OpenLDAP), additionally supporting extensible objects and password policies
* MySQL database
* MongoDB database
* SMTP access

##License:
Licensed under the [OpenMRS Public License](http://license.openmrs.org) version 1.1
